Suggest/quarto; image sizing (#1502)
hadley/r4ds: quarto.qmd

There are five main options that control figure sizing: `fig-width`, `fig-height`, `fig-asp`, `out-width` and `out-height`.
Image sizing is challenging because there are two sizes (the size of the figure created by R and the size at which it is inserted in the output document), and multiple ways of specifying the size (i.e. height, width, and aspect ratio: pick two of three).

> We recommend three of the five options: `fig-width`, `fig-asp` and `out-width`.
> Set your defaults of these options in the document YAML like below.
> 
> ``` yaml
> title: "Example"
> format: 
>   html:
>     fig-width: 6
>     fig-align: center
> knitr:
>   opts_chunk:
>     fig-asp: 0.618
>     out.width: "70%" # out-width doesn't work for now
> ```

Reviewer: ```suggestion
We recommend three of the five options:
```

-   Plots tend to be more aesthetically pleasing if they have consistent width.
    To enforce this, set `fig-width: 6` (6") and `fig-asp: 0.618` (the golden ratio) in the defaults.
    Then in individual chunks, only adjust `fig-asp`.

-   Control the output size with `out-width` and set it to a percentage of the body width of the output document.
    We suggest to `out-width: "70%"` and `fig-align: center`.

    That gives plots room to breathe, without taking up too much space.

-   To put multiple plots in a single row, set the `layout-ncol` to 2 for two plots, 3 for three plots, etc.

>     This effectively sets `out-width` to "50%" for two, "33%" for three, etc.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    This effectively sets `out-width` to "50%" for each of your plots if `layout-ncol` is 2, "33%" if `layout-ncol` is 3, etc.
```
